What ne We will not everyone very much you waiting
The scheduled press conference will be scheduled from 3:30 on that time .
Corex imperial inspection's Numismatic mother race of the Asia Cross Country 2011 Flory team
Thank you very much for coming to the presentation
Of 1800 kg
There is a line 800 km goal is ahead
A sense of market aiming at Angkor pressure in Cambodia
There is my cross country that continues to run show aikawa world rally
The team responded to this rally behind two cross country life
One player will compete in Toyota fj cruiser Sho Shogawa and professional rally driver
of
Another one that Hata original text player will appear
The other is with No. 1 Car Shogawa
So the statement player
For the purpose of doing it again
me
Take care in design
I thought
And the margin
The driver is now to build 200 Senshu Car 2 of illegally well
Aiming for the top finish, I think it is safe to arrive at Angkor Wat on August 11 in Cambodia
I will
Earlier we gaze is
The world's best rally series show aikawa World Rally Team
Is considered as a presentation for the automotive industry, which is a key industry in Japan.
I will
At first it is ace driver of the first car team
Ike is Mr. Ogawa
Not continuing
i Infected Head From Line 1 com 2009 All Japan Rally Championship Champion
This time I'm a player of the ADVANT rally team 's router original set
There
kr 3 wh
It was now to leave
I see
That means oh
It is good
Trigger's
Three girls and two
Masun becomes r 3 years
Today's impression Anyway postpartum
From 1-year-old 5:00 or Made
Somehow I don't like his dish
I think that I want to go to the end
that
That or it becomes high at this time
I am interested in myself too
I 'm looking forward to seeing that log
It seems that there is considerable power by having a pet dog rule by this
I'm going to run that well
I do not overdo it I think Yatsutoko but I think so
That shakedown car was made soon
I took it once and started taking it, but there is an instant torque and it's easy to ride .
Is I think that there is a Oh different fun of Tteyuu Nyoku
doing
Buber sleepy
I guess it 's not
The first impression was how I was surprised the fishing rod So it 's a great reflection
Such a place is, but Ru really I mind Dread is what is fine Katsura gap exceeds 4
Stability have or You Mairi
I just do n't offer what I think I think
I think I am honest or happy I'm still fun